refactor!(core): return result in `Webview/WebviewWindow::url` getter (#9647)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/url-result.md

---
"tauri": "patch:breaking"
---

> Changed `WebviewDispatch::url` getter to return a result.

Author: ```suggestion
Changed `WebviewWindow::url` and `Webview::url` getter to return a result.
```
